ALEC-261: Move chapters to Reference section (#108)
OpenNMS/alec: docs/modules/reference/pages/datasources/overview.adoc

= ALEC Datasources

Datasources serve as the bridge between ALEC and OpenNMS.
They provide and maintain a feed of alarms, inventory objects, and situations.
They also create situations in OpenNMS.

ALEC provides two datasources: a xref:datasources/direct.adoc[direct datasource] for a xref:install:basic_install.adoc[basic ALEC installation], and a xref:datasources/kafka.adoc[Kafka datasource] for a xref:admin:distributed_install.adoc[distributed installation].

== Scripted extensions

ALEC extrapolates inventory objects from the incoming stream of alarms, nodes, and links.

> This stream of information represents your monitored network, its provisioned inventory, and the relationships between the inventory items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This stream of information represents your monitored network, its provisioned inventory, and the relationships among the inventory items.
```

ALEC maps this information to inventory objects using a JSR-223 script.
This script also allows you to override or extend its behavior by modifying or replacing it.

> Its default implementation can be found in `inventory.groovy` in each datasource bundle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find its default implementation in `inventory.groovy` in each datasource bundle:
```
